Add goals section (#7)
dmose/mc-nodejs-docs: index.md

helpful, you can also give me feedback directly by
reaching out to me in #nodejs on Slack or [email](mailto:dmosedale@mozilla.com).

### Goals
Current goals of this policy include:

Make the use of NodeJS/npm packages in the top-level package.json

> package.json well-managed using policies that will result in a set of

Reviewer: duplicated package.json

Author: Good catch; fixed.  Thanks!

vendored-in packages that:

> * are easily auditable and regularly audited for known security issues and

Reviewer 2: We should perhaps make it clear that CI isn't the direct goal here, rather to enable another project to add CI (maybe also - regularly auditing, we're enabling that, not actually doing it)?

```suggestion
* are auditable for known security issues and license policy compliance
* can easily be manually audited or made a part of a Continuous Integration process
```

(It looks like Github can't handle multi-line suggestions, some adjustment may be needed, don't worry about attribution)

Author: Yeah, this makes sense.  Thanks for the suggestion.
